Clarify frontend development details (#64)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/app-development/index.md

### Frontend development

> [Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/principles/) provides all the tools you need to create the next generation of React-based applications. You can use Spectrum UI components to build apps that match the look and feel of the Adobe Commerce Admin. See [Admin UI SDK](#admin-development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spectrum](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/principles/) provides all the tools you need to create the next generation of React-based applications. You can use Spectrum UI components to build apps consistent with Adobe standards and leverage our SDK (#admin-development) to securely create custom app UIs in the Adobe Commerce Admin.
```
